Pick up, Nicolette!
Please pick up!
No, no, no!
Get in the car, Brooke.
Let's go.
Woman: You got her.
Yeah. But she was
on the phone
with this girl, Nicolette.
-Who's got the phone?
-I have Brooke's phone.
We'll use it to track the other
girl and see what she's up to.
-Keep me posted.
Excuse me. Have
you seen this girl?
If you do, can you contact
that number at the bottom?
Thank you.
Hi there. Um, have
you seen this girl?
OK. She's a really
good friend of mine.
Her name's Brooke Summers.
If you happen to see her,
then can you please contact
this number at the bottom?
Thank you.
Hi. Um, I was just wondering
if you've seen this girl.
She's been missing
for a couple days.
Sorry to interrupt.
Have you seen this girl?
She's a really good
friend of mine.
She's been missing
for a couple of days.
If you happen to see her,
can you just contact me?
Woman on phone:
Where are you now?
I've been tracking the girl
she was trying to call.
Woman: Good. And
you found her?
She's actively
looking for Brooke.
-We can't have her
mess with the plan.
You need to stop this.
I understand what
needs to be done.
Sorry! I, I
didn't see you.
Oh, uh... Have you
seen this girl?
Uh, no. Sorry.
Man's voice: You think
this is it, finally?
Woman: I think we
have a good shot.
I mean, that had to
be morning sickness.
It's time.
Maybe it was just that bad
Thai food from last night.
Yeah.
Mark, wait! Let's
talk about this.
It's my fault.
We both know it.
Hey! It's no one's fault.
So, how do you feel
about finally starting
your new dream job?
I'm kinda anxious
about having to start
in the middle of
the school year.
Look. Don't stress.
You're gonna be amazing.
Callie, you talked
to Nicolette today?
She's not
answering my texts
and she's supposed
to be home by now.
-No. Maybe she stayed late at
school for tutoring though.
-The school called. She was
absent for most of the day.
As soon as you hear
from Nicolette,
tell her I wanna
speak with her.
Nicolette. Nicolette, sweetie,
we talked about this.
You can't skip school.
You're gonna end up getting
a suspension if you do.
-I'm not gonna stop until
I find out what happened
to Brooke. I don't
care what it takes.
-If you miss class
again, unexcused,
the principal is going to
be on the phone with me.
As long as you live here,
I'm responsible for you!
OK.
Nicolette: I still
feel so guilty
that I missed her
call, Vanesha.
I can't shake the feeling
that something horrible's
happened to Brooke.
Brooke has never given up
on me since we were twelve.
I'm not gonna give up on her.
She's been gone for three days.
Well, then she'll probably
turn up any time now.
Remember when she disappeared
from the group home?
Only to find out she
ran off with Trent
to be at his family's
place in Idaho.
We were worried over nothin'.
I know. But this time
it just feels different.
Maybe Trent caught up with
her as soon as she got here.
I mean she's what, nine
months pregnant by now?
Where would she go?
You OK?
Yeah, uh, I'm fine.
It's nothing. Let's
just go inside.
So, Sandy, you
ready for this?
As ready as I'll
ever be, Madeline.
Are you regretting this
change of career yet?
Missed your days
as an accountant?
What's this?
Oh. Brooke Summers
was a student
who disappeared
months ago.
Some of the students
had put those up.
But then the girl calls her
friends after three weeks
to let them know that
she actually ran off
with a boyfriend.
Such a shame. Brooke
had lots of potential.
Sandy: Everyone take
a seat, please.
Oh! Tardy on the new
teacher's first day I see.
Yeah, sorry. Traffic.
You know how it is.
Jake Hamilton, here.
Welcome, everyone. I'm Ms.
Ridling. I'll be taking over
for Ms. Jenkins' eleventh-grade
English classes.
I assume everyone kept up
with the readings assigned
by Ms. Jenkins before she left
and are ready to talk about
Fitzgerald's classic...
The Great Gatsby.
Who can tell me the name of
the narrator of the novel?
In the back?
What's your name?
It's Nicolette.
Well, Nicolette, you
know the school's policy
on cellphones in
class, correct?
Phone, please.
You can get it at the end
of the day in the office.
There you are! You missed
our entire first class.
Yeah. OK, lady. I've
got bigger fish to fry.
Are you OK? You
don't look well.
Is it a stomach
bug or the flu?
Don't worry about it.
Or is it something else?
Can I get you anything or...
Can you leave me alone?
I'll be back this
afternoon for the nurse.
Your stuff is still in
the classroom on my desk...
OK! I'll go get it!
Please!
Help! The baby's coming!
I need you to keep breathing,
honey. Not yet, OK?
I changed my
mind! I wanna keep my baby!
That is not an
option, Brooke!
Not now. You made
an agreement.
I'll go to the police! I'll
tell them what you do here!
Excuse me,
Nicolette!
What do you
want this time?
Are you feeling
any better?
I'm fine. It's none
of your business.
Go be a good-doer
somewhere else.
Uh, Nicolette?
If you need
someone to talk to
about your possible
situation, I'm here.
Listen, Miss Suburbia.
I highly doubt you have
any clue of what I'm
going though right now.
That one can be a challenge.
Smart but not focused,
to say the least.
Kind of like I
was at her age.
Oh, and she's the one whose
friend went missing, too.
There's always a lot
going on with her,
so don't take
it personally.
Where's my baby?
Please
don't do this!
The boss has already
given her to a new couple.
I don't want
your money, just my baby!
I should have never
come back here!
You are gonna dig yourself
into a grave, young lady,
if you don't get into
line. You hear me?
So what are you gonna
do if you are pregnant?
I don't know. I, I thought
that we were careful.
Famous last
words, man.
Nothing in this world's
a hundred percent.
I mean, first Brooke.
Now maybe you.
I might just stay
celibate till I'm forty.
Mm-hm.
I mean, I don't, I
don't know what I'm gonna do.
I finally had like a plan:
go to nursing school,
have a life of my own finally.
Hm. Is it, uh...
-Jake's? Yeah. And he's barely
talked to me since. Yeah.
Oh! Speaking of, I'm gonna go
talk to him. I'll be back.
Jake? Jake, I need
to talk to you!
I didn't think we had
anything else to talk about,
Nicolette. I'm seeing
someone else now.
I know. I heard the gossip.
You're dating that new girl
from the pricey private
school uptown, right?
Listen, it's
nothing against you.
It's just...things
just didn't work out.
Do you wanna know why I was
sick this morning in class?
I don't care. It's
not my business.
No, you're, you're lying,
right? You're joking?
Well, I don't know
yet, but if I am?
You're lying. I
don't have time for this.
You need to eat and hydrate
if you're gonna get
your energy back.
The boss said she'll buy you
a bus ticket to Los Angeles.
Isn't that nice?
You know, you can
take that money
that she gave you and start
over with a brand-new life.
She even knows someone
who can give a job
to a young pretty
girl like yourself.
You have no idea how
lucky you really are.
Please, can you
get it for me?
I don't have
the strength.
Brooke?
Brooke!
Brooke! Come back here!
Where the hell's the girl?
She escaped! She,
she took my phone!
Where'd she go?
I, I don't know!
Gimme your phone!
I can track mine if
she tries to use it!
I can't believe you're still
here! It's almost seven!
I'm just trying to get as much
prep work done as I can.
Get outta here! The rest
can wait till tomorrow.
I promise.
Good night.
You're still here?
School ended hours ago.
Great observation,
Sherlock.
Well, if the nurse
isn't here by now
Yeah, I know. The office told
me that she had to come by
to drop something off
before the school locked up
at the end of the day.
I probably
shouldn't do this
But I have a
master key.
Hm. You're in luck.
Here you go.
She keeps it just
under the counter.
I'm sure she won't
mind if you take one.
Why are you helping me?
Look, I know we don't know
each other very well but--
No, you don't know me at all.
I remember what it's
like to be a teen.
Spare me! I hate it when
adults say they remember
what it was like when
they were my age,
when you have no idea
what I've been through!
Look. I appreciate everything
that you've done for me, OK?
Just I can take it from here.
Nicolette.
Are you OK?
I took a pregnancy
test and it's positive.
I might have some insight into
your situation, you know.
How?
I got pregnant
when I was sixteen.
Really?
It's true. I had just
finished my sophomore year.
And my boyfriend and I,
well, we weren't careful.
And my parents,
well, let's just say
they were not thrilled.
They were worried about
keeping up appearances
because of my father's
job, so they sent me
across the country to
live with my grandparents.
Told everybody I was
studying in Europe.
I put the baby
up for adoption.
I didn't even get a
chance to hold her.
I couldn't handle
it at the time.
And then when I came
back, my parents and I
just never spoke
about it.
That relationship has
been distant ever since.
So I may be
Miss Suburbia,
but I might have some idea of
what you're going through.
Maybe.
I
have to head home.
But remember my offer if
you need someone to talk to.
Hello?
Nicolette, It's me!
Oh, my God! Brooke?
OK, listen carefully! I
don't have much time.
There's this woman named Abigal
and she's after me and
my baby is missing!
OK, meet me at our
spot in twenty minutes!
Wait! Brooke, where are you?
Nicolette?
Brooke!
Brooke! Watch out!
You all right?
Nicolette! Oh, my
God! Are you OK?
Hardly.
Officer: We'll talk more.
Give me a call if you
remember anything new,
day or night, OK?
Here's my card.
I still can't process
all that's happened.
I'm Detective Holmes
with homicide.
Do you think what happened to
Brooke wasn't an accident?
According to Nicolette, the
car that struck her friend
was aiming right for her.
Did Nicolette see
who was driving?
She couldn't recall any
identifying features
on the driver. We'll be back.
She might remember
details later.
Hey! Where you been? Got the
history notes from class?
Brooke's dead.
-What?
Sandy: And then, in my
fourth period class,
two boys decided to
fight over the same girl.
I swear, so much in this
job has nothing to do
with actually
teaching English.
You can do anything
you set your mind to,
and you've been wanting
to teach for years now.
You'll start getting
the hang of this whole
classroom
management thing.
Well, I hope
you're right.
I am.
You know my
student, Nicolette,
the one I told you
I was worried about?
Yeah.
Well, turns out
she's pregnant.
I actually went into
the nurse's office
to get her a test. I
just hope she talks to me
if she needs
someone to lean on.
She's quite the
firecracker.
I have some
news on my end.
What is it?
Our new VP at work,
Gil, asked me to, uh,
travel to Charleston
for a few weeks.
Construction on a new
hotel there's a mess
and he wants me
to oversee things,
so I have to leave
tomorrow morning.
A few weeks?
Yes. I know. I'm not
thrilled about it either,
but I need Gil on my
side if I wanna move up.
I understand.
I'll make it up to
you when I come back.
I promise.
You better.
Why couldn't she have
just kept her mouth shut?
You're lucky I
found her at all.
Did we really
have to kill her?
I just can't stop
thinking about her.
I'm so sorry about
Brooke, Nicolette.
She was always
really nice to me.
What could've happened
to Brooke's baby though?
It doesn't make any sense.
It's Rachel. What
does she want now?
She just wants to
make sure you're OK.
She's worried about you.
Yeah. It's a little too
late, don't you think?
Hi, Nicolette. Why
don't you have a seat?
I can't imagine what
you've been through.
Brooke was a great girl and
I know you two were close.
I want you to know that
you can come and talk to me
anytime you need to.
Stress can take a toll,
and I've heard through the
grapevine that you've been
waking up sick the
past few mornings.
Do we really have to
talk about this now?
Because I'm pretty messed
up after what I just saw.
I know, sweetie. But if
you've found yourself
in a delicate situation,
you can come to me for help.
That's why I'm here.
No one can help
me with this.
I have seen a lot in my
years here, Nicolette,
and I know when the signs are
pointing to one of my girls
being pregnant. I knew
it about Brooke, too.
Are you pregnant?
Well, if you are, I'd
like to introduce you
to someone who I
think can assist.
She's an amazing woman who's
worked with girls in the past
in a similar dilemma.
After you've taken the
time to process your grief
about Brooke, of course,
I'll make it
through.
I always do.
Nothing as fun as an
early morning flight.
You got everything? Did
you remember clean socks?
Oh, damn! See, I knew
I forgot something.
Yes, babe, I
remembered clean socks.
Well, I had to
ask, you know,
after that meeting you had
in San Francisco where you
Didn't realize I
forgot clean socks
ten minutes before going
into a meeting. Yes. Yes.
I'll miss you.
I hate leaving you the
first week of your new job.
I'll be fine.
All right.
Mark?
Yeah?
I had a thought
on my run.
Uh, maybe we can talk
to that IVF specialist
that your co-worker used. I
mean, it's, it's worth a shot
just to get some information
about it, right?
OK. Um, how 'bout we talk
about that when I come back?
OK.
What does he want?
You don't have to talk to
him if you don't want to.
I'll be right back.
So, now you wanna talk?
Look, I just heard
about Brooke.
Is it true that you saw
when she got hit by a car?
Yeah. It's true.
I'm sorry to hear that.
What do you
want, Jake?
I just have to
know. Are you...?
Pregnant? Yeah, I'm pregnant!
Please, just lower
your voice, for me.
Go to hell, Jake!
Please.
I talked to my mom about
you maybe being pregnant.
You did? Well, I can't
imagine what she said.
She's not really a big
fan of mine, right?
Sorry that you
got the girl
from the wrong side of the
tracks pregnant, rich boy.
She wants to make
an arrangement. OK?
Just all you have to do is
sign a couple of documents
that her lawyer draws
up and we'll be good.
What do you mean
'an arrangement'?
It's money, Nicolette,
to do whatever, whatever
option you wanna do.
So you really think that
throwing money at this
situation is gonna
make things better,
it's gonna solve things?
No, but...
-This is your kid!
I'm sorry. It's the
best I can do right now.
According to her
social worker,
Brooke last lived here five
months ago. Is that correct?
Yes. From what
I understand,
she ran off with
her boyfriend.
I think the girls said
his name was Trent.
We'll look into
her boyfriend.
She turned eighteen, so
there wasn't anything
we could do when she left.
It's unfortunate, but
sometimes our girls
don't make the
best decisions.
-One thing we didn't expect
is we found an envelope
with a large amount
of cash on her body.
Oh, really?
We're still unsure how
a girl in her situation
would have that
much cash on her.
Nicolette, do you
have a second?
The girl who
died...Brooke,
She was your
friend, wasn't she?
I'm so sorry.
Nicolette: Every time
I close my eyes,
I just see the car heading
straight towards Brooke.
And between that and
having my life upended,
finding out that I'm
pregnant, I mean...
I've been living at a
depressing group home
for two years. What
can I do with a child?
What do I have to offer it?
What about
your family?
I've never met my
dad. And my mom...
there were lots of men.
She got addicted to
prescription pain medication
and then CPS came by once one
of the neighbors found out
that, um, I'd been spending
most of my nights alone.
So I had nowhere
else to go.
That's how I ended up
at the group home.
I'm so sorry, Nicolette.
Someone your age
should never have to go
through something
like that.
Yeah, well, it's
just my reality.
Do um... do you ever
think about the baby
that you put up
for adoption?
Every day.
But I have no doubt I made the
right decision for my child.
I knew I was not
ready to be a mother.
Is that what you're thinking
for your child, adoption?
Maybe.
Can I give you some advice?
Take your time with
this decision, OK?
Don't rush into it. I
probably would have chosen
adoption regardless but I
wish I'd taken more time
to come to that conclusion.
And if you ever need to
talk about it or anything,
let me know, OK?
Yeah. Thanks for taking
the time to talk to me.
A lot of adults just
see me as a problem
that they need to deal with.
I guess that's why I
act the way that I do.
I mean, why try to be
different or better
if everyone has low
expectations for you anyways?
Oh, honey, you are
a great kid
who's just in a
tough situation. OK?
Don't let it define
the rest of your life.
My friend, Brooke, she
ran away just after
she got pregnant and then
showed up back in town
five months later,
where she died.
What happened to the baby?
I don't know, but
she definitely
wasn't pregnant
anymore when I saw her.
Let me see your phone.
Why?
Just trust me.
I'm gonna put in my number.
You can call me anytime, OK?
I hope they find out what
happened to your friend.
Oh no!
Are you OK?
Yeah. I'm just
realizing that uh...
morning sickness happens-
it can hit you
twenty-four/seven.
I'll make you a deal.
Both the group home and the
drug store are on my way home.
If you promise to study
for your Great Gatsby quiz,
I'll bring you
something to deal with
your morning
sickness.
Sometimes people just
wanna be nice, Nicolette.
Rachel: She just
found out so...
here she is.
Nicolette, could I see you
in my office, please?
Just for a minute.
Abigail: Here she is!
Nicolette.
I'm Abigail.
I've so been looking
forward to meeting you.
And I am really sorry to
hear about what happened
to your friend.
Rachel: Why don't I give
you two some alone time
so you can get acquainted?
Would that be all right
with you, Nicolette?
Well then, I'll be outside.
Thank you,
Rachel, for this
and everything you
do for all the girls.
Now Nicolette, Rachel told me
that you recently found out
you're pregnant.
I know that this can
be a very scary
and unsettling time for you,
especially a girl your age.
What's your deal?
What do you want?
I like that:
straight to business.
I happen to run one of
the most prestigious
private adoption
agencies in the state
and our prospective parents
are amazingly pedigreed.
They are highly
educated, professional,
and very well off. They're
willing to compensate.
Are you saying that
you wanna sell my baby?
That would
be illegal.
But it is quite common, and
legal, for many parents
to pay for the living
expenses or to put together
a little trust fund for
your college expenses.
You see, private adoption's
not just a loving choice
for your baby but it's
a good choice to carve
a positive path forward for you.
Would you mind if we go over
the particulars together?
So this is a lot to
take in and I'm sure
that you will have
many questions.
I expect that and that
is perfectly normal.
This has my cellphone
number on it.
You can call me anytime. And
trust me when I tell you,
you are making the
best choice
when you're considering
adoption for your child.
How are things going?
Well, I think she has
a lot to consider,
but Nicolette is
a smart girl.
Hi.
Here ya go.
Thanks!
It's just some
ginger candies
that my cousin swore by
when she was pregnant.
Thanks. This
means a lot.
It's no big
deal.
Like I said, this
place is on my way.
How are you feeling?
It's been a lot.
A woman from the adoption
agency just came by
to talk to me.
She did?
Yeah.
Rachel: May I help you?
This is my English
teacher, Ms. Ridling.
She just came by to
drop something off.
Well, that was
nice of her.
This is Rachel. She
runs the group home.
And this is Abigail. She
runs the adoption agency.
It's so nice to meet you.
It's wonderful to see
such a dedicated educator.
Nice to meet you too.
Well, I guess I'll be going.
Nicolette, we'll talk soon.
Is it normal for the
manager here to refer girls
to a specific
adoption agency?
I don't know. But, um...
I do remember Brooke
talking about adoption but...
But, what?
It was painful for her to
talk about her pregnancy.
It was the first
time where I felt
a lot of distance
between us.
And, God, now I
really understand
what she was
going through.
I finally had a
plan for my life.
Kinda wanted to be a
nurse, help people.
You still can, Nicolette.
It may sound cliché,
but it's true. Where there's
a will, there's a way.
I can't believe that this is
all we have left of Brooke.
It's only 'cause she forgot it.
We made this in sixth-grade
art class together.
What is it gonna take for
people to actually care about
what happens to kids like us?
I'm gonna find out what
happened to Brooke.
Claudia's in your office.
You need to talk to her.
I saw she bought a plane
ticket on her phone.
Another problem.
We're starting to get
way too many of
those in this city.
I want you to start following
the Nicolette girl,
find out where she goes. It
could be useful information
for us in the very near future.
Something wrong, Claudia?
-I only took this job because
I desperately needed the cash
to help pay for my mother's
experimental cancer treatments.
But, uh, it doesn't
always feel... right.
Keeping some of these
girls locked up and
No one is locked up.
They are simply detained
until they give birth.
I know. It's just, uh
It's just a lot.
I know.
Why don't you go home
and get some rest?
Everything will look
brighter tomorrow.
OK.
Hey.
Alex! What are you-
I think you know why
I'm here, Claudia.
You're just a liability now.
Nicolette: There it goes.
A message to Brooke's
good-for-nothing
boyfriend, Trent.
I thought you
said Trent
hasn't even been on
that site in years.
I don't know. It's
worth a shot.
Maybe he'll log back in.
Maybe he has some information
on the investigation.
Um, I'll see
you later.
I, I gotta take
care of something.
Hey, can I talk
to you? Now.
Catch you later, man.
What's up?
I've been
thinking about
putting the baby
up for adoption.
OK.
Sandy: Don't forget to
answer the questions
at the end of chapter seven,
OK? Have a good evening!
Sandy: Somebody did well
on their quiz.
Uh, yeah. Those ginger
candies you got me for nausea
helped me concentrate and study.
Did you think more
about the meeting
that you had
with that lady?
Yeah, but, um, I,
I don't know yet.
Again, take your time
with this decision.
Would you have some time to
talk to me about it more?
I just, I have some questions
about your experience.
Sure. Did you wanna
grab a bite at the diner
on Fifth Street? I have
a teacher meeting now,
but I could meet you there
at seven-thirty. My treat!
No. It's OK. You
don't have to do that.
No, no, no. It's no big
deal. See you there?
Yeah. I'll see you there.
How are you, Nicolette? I
just wanted to touch base.
I know how tough
things have been.
That's an understatement
of the year.
Well, we're having your
favorite for dinner tonight,
pizza! That should put
a smile on your face.
I'm actually going out
for dinner with someone.
And who would that be?
I won't be back late, OK?
Oh, hey there!
Hey. It's such a shame about
Brooke Summers. So young.
I can't stop thinking
about the poor girl.
Yeah, I know. It's horrible.
Nicolette's been very brave,
considering how
close they were.
I just hope they
find who did it.
Agh!
Hey, Nicolette. Sorry.
I'm just running a
few minutes late.
I've fallen! I'm scared I might
have hurt the baby!
I'm at the parking lot
across from the diner.
Stay there. I'm on my way!
How's the baby?
You're very lucky.
The baby is fine.
You need to be careful.
Since you did have some
spotting and cramping,
I wanna keep you
overnight just in case.
Was that your mom
in here earlier?
Oh, no. That's
my teacher.
She did the right thing
in rushing you here.
Hey, hon.
- Hey!
I just wanted to check
in and see if you were
able to get us an
appointment with the doctor.
Oh. Sorry. I've been a
little distracted lately.
What's wrong?
Well, you know my
student Nicolette
that I told you about?
Yeah.
Well, she thinks she
was being followed
and fell as she ran off.
I brought her to the hospital
and she's with a doctor now.
That's
terrible!
I know. It is. This poor
girl has been through hell
the past forty-eight hours and
I can't shake the
feeling that...
That?
That something bad
is gonna happen.
Nicolette! I got here
as fast as I could!
Oh, you poor thing.
I'm Dr. Gibbs.
And you are?
I'm Rachel. I manage
the group home
where Nicolette
currently lives.
I should be her
emergency contact.
Hm.
Oh, Nicolette! You've been
through enough as it is.
Dr. Gibb: Please talk
to the charge nurse
so we can get
your information.
And you need to get
some rest, young lady.
I'll check on you later.
I had just got a
call from Abigail
from the adoption
agency before I got here.
I told her what happened,
and she wants to come
check in on you later.
Yeah, I guess.
Callie: Do you have any
news on Nicolette?
Yeah. She stayed overnight
at the hospital.
She was convinced someone
was following her.
I don't know.
So many crazy things have
been happening lately!
What is it?
Brooke's boyfriend
Trent just messaged me.
He finally checked
the social media app.
He's in town and he
wants to meet up.
How did this happen to
Brooke? And where's my baby?
You need to calm
down, Trent,
if we're gonna figure
out what happened.
I can't believe nobody
told me what happened
to Brooke, or my baby!
Well, what happened
between you two? Huh?
When was the last
time you saw her?
What happened in
Idaho, Trent?
Things were going OK. We just
moved in with my parents.
I know it's
not perfect.
One morning I wake
up and Brooke's gone.
She left a note there
saying she went to L.A.
to give our baby
up for adoption!
Los Angeles?
-Yeah!
And like an idiot,
I went down there
to look for a friend of
hers to bring her back.
But she lied to me to
throw me off track,
'cause obviously she was here.
Where are you goin'?
To talk to somebody
at that group home!
They don't know anything!
Trent!
Were you able to get
some sleep last night?
No.
Did the doctor
come in already?
Yeah.
Hello, Nicolette. I'm
glad you called me.
So you're saying someone was
following you last night.
I...I don't know. But it,
it felt like it though.
Would you mind
giving us a minute?
Wouldn't it help if I
stayed here for this?
No. I'll be fine.
I'll be right outside
if you need me.
OK, Nicolette. Let's
start at the beginning.
OK.
Abigail! Where have you been?
I can't take this anymore.
Rein it in, Rachel.
There's a cop in
there with her!
I pay you handsomely to keep
your cool. Remember that.
Was she able to give you any
information that might help?
She gave me a good
number of details.
It's important to remember
that Nicolette's traumatized
by seeing what happened
to her friend so...
she may have let her imagination
get the best of her.
However, she was a witness
to a possible homicide,
so we need to take
everything seriously.
Well, of course.
And you are?
I'm Abigail. I'm a friend.
Well, please tell
Nicolette to contact me
if she remembers anything new.
Will do. Thank
you, detective.
What now?
I'm going to speak with
her. Let me handle it.
Abigail: Have you given
any more thought
to adoption?
Yeah. Um, my teacher helped
me understand that it's
important to take my time
with such a big decision.
That's, um, all that
I have left of Brooke.
Tell you what. How 'bout
I order you a ride share?
The car can come and
pick you up right here,
stop by the drugstore.
Pick up anything you need
before you go home.
Yeah, I guess that's OK. Um,
I think that the doctor said
they'll release me a
little after seven.
Great! I will order
you a car for then.
Oh, um...
It's, um, it's
a friend.
Oh. I'll let
you take that.
Thanks.
This is a surprise.
Yeah. I just wanted to check
in, see how you're doing.
Yeah. It was an accident.
I fell. It's a long story.
And... the baby?
It's fine. Yeah. They just,
have me here a little longer
for observation.
Um, I was thinking.
The woman from the adoption
agency Loving Arms
just came by to check on me.
And I'm still leaning towards
the decision of adoption
as the best option for the baby.
Hey, listen. I never told
you this but my dad's
not my birth dad. My mom had
a rough, short first marriage
and well, I was a result
of it. My dad adopted me
when I was two and
married my mom but
Yeah, don't get me
wrong. He's great but...
But, what Jake?
Sometimes I just wonder.
Like why wasn't I enough
for my birth dad
to stick around?
Nicolette seems to have the
address of our birthing rooms
written on a piece of paper.
Abigail: I think Claudia
gave it to Brooke
when she came back to town.
What do you think
we should do?
I need you to come up
with a story for why
Nicolette won't be returning
to the group home tonight.
Are you listening to me?
Yes.
Good! Talk soon.
Alex, it's time to
now move locations.
Be sure to get our
passports ready.
-Sure, I'll talk to Rachel
Don't tell
Rachel anything.
You the lady who
run this place?
Yes, I am.
So where's Brooke at?
Hey, sweetie! How
are things going?
Good. How are you doin' today?
Well, it's been quite the week.
How's your student?
Well, she's still
in the hospital,
but I think she's going to be
released today, thankfully.
OK. Well, I have some good
news that will cheer you up.
Really?
So I just found out I'm
getting this huge bonus,
thanks to that hotel
deal I just closed.
That's awesome!
We can use the money
to pay off--
Actually, what do
you think about us
using that money to
pay for IVF treatments?
Really? You, you wanna try it?
Why not? It's
always been the money
that held us back.
That's great. Uh, let's do it!
I'll make an appointment
for when you get back.
OK. Bye, babe.
OK. Bye.
Once Brooke left the home, we
never heard from her again.
Yeah, but what about
that lady she said
was trying to talk her
into the adoption?
Uh, Abby, or Abigail,
something like that.
She said someone from here
connected her to that agency.
Maybe that woman knows
something about my baby!
I have an idea.
Why don't you give me
your contact information?
I'll do some digging on my
end and I'll get back to you
by the end of the night.
I promise.
All right.
You didn't have to
come back, you know.
I was so worried
about you.
Those are
beautiful.
Oh, yeah. It was a
gift from Abigail
from the adoption agency.
Really? She was here?
Yeah.
That's interesting.
Thank you for everything that
you did for me last night.
I told you. You
can count on me.
You know, talking to
you about your situation
has me thinking a lot
about what I went through.
How so?
Remember when I said that my
parents didn't talk about
my baby when I came
home after having her?
I think on some level I knew
how much that affected me,
how much it had made me blame
myself for the entire thing.
I thought maybe me not
being able to conceive now
is because of the shame
I brought on my
upstanding parents.
No! You would make
an amazing mom.
You did the best
that you could,
just like I'm trying
to do right now.
Are you sure you're
only sixteen?
'Cause that was
pretty darn wise.
I have my
moments, I guess.
I can stick around and give
you a ride home if you want.
No, it's OK. You've
done enough.
I actually, I have
a ride share,
OK. Well, If anything
changes, you can call me. OK?
Will do.
Trent: Hello?
Trent, it's Rachel
at the group home.
I might have some
information about Brooke
but we need to keep it
between the two of us
for the moment.
- Yeah, OK.
It's very important.
Can you do that?
Sure. Of course!
Good. Meet me at 515
Morrison downtown.
We have to do this in
secret, for Brooke.
-I'll be there.
You Trent?
Yeah? And you are?
Ah! I can't concentrate
with everything going on!
Nicolette was supposed
to be back by now!
Rachel said she was
coming home tonight!
I've been here three
years, you know?
Brooke's not the first
girl to disappear
from here mysteriously.
What do you mean?
Never mind.
Callie, If you know
something, anything, tell me.
Please.
There's been at least one
other girl that they said
ran away who was also pregnant.
What was her name?
Misty. Misty Miller. She
lived here two years ago,
and then one day I
walked in on her.
She had an envelope
with a lot of cash.
A lot.
And not soon after,
she was just gone.
I never found out what
happened to her or her baby
but I think Rachel knows
something about it.
Rachel: Callie!
Callie, do you think
you could help
Mrs. Hill in the
kitchen for dinner?
Now, please.
Everything OK,
Vanesha?
Yeah.
Nicolette?
Yeah!
I'm your ride. Hop in!
Why are we stopping?
Uh, sorry. One of the
tires is acting funny.
I'm gonna go check it out.
What are you doing?
I'm so sorry about this
situation, Nicolette.
But unfortunately, you left
me with no alternative.
Where am I? What is,
what is this place?
Shhh. It's a temporary home
until I can make arrangements
for more permanent
accommodations...
a long way from here.
Jake! What are you doing here?
I came to see Nicolette.
-Yeah?
Just wanted to
make sure she's OK..
Well, she hasn't
come back yet,
even though she
texted me last night
and said she
was on her way.
That's weird.
Yeah. Where the hell is she?
This is bad. I feel
it in my bones.
Where are you going?
I'm trying to track
down this other girl.
She used to live here,
and she was pregnant too.
Just like Brooke, one day
she wasn't here anymore.
It's a longshot but I think
I know where she works.
Can I come with you? I
got-I mean, I can drive.
Sure.
-Great.
-We can call the hospital too,
see if they know
anything about Nicolette.
Hey. It's Nicolette.
Leave a message.
Uh, hi, Nicolette.
It's Ms. Ridling.
I just wanted to see how
you're feeling today.
Send me a message
when you get a sec.
When I get out of this bed, I
swear! Who are you, really?
Are you in this with Rachel?
Did you have something to do
with Brooke and
her baby? Tell me!
Brooke tried to back out
of a agreement we had
and became a complication.
That's true.
What did you do with
her baby? Where is it?
Living happily with a
wonderful, advantaged couple
who paid a handsome
price. In fact...
I'm certain I'm going to get
the same for yours.
Hey. Do you have a second
to chat? I am having a day.
I think I like overheated,
uh, the milk for a cappuccino
or something and it
exploded everywhere and...
I'm gonna call you back
in about five minutes.
Can I help you guys?
Are you Misty Miller?
Why? Who are you two?
I live at A Path
Ahead Group Home.
I heard you used
to live there too.
You were pregnant but then
you left and never came back.
I don't know what
you're talking...
Please! One of our friends,
Brooke, disappeared
and now she's dead.
And one of our other
friends is pregnant
and she just went missing too.
We're just worried for her.
Look, I'm sorry. I
got nothing to say.
Please! OK. Anything
you say will help.
We already lost one friend.
We can't lose another.
-Anything at all.
Don't trust Rachel.
I needed cash
at the time,
so I went with it. Be
careful of Abigail.
You know, Nicolette
did mention something
about a lady from an adoption
center who came by. Is that...
Yeah. Abigail runs the agency
that Rachel referred me to.
Like I said, I
got my cash,
and I just went on
with my business.
But I've heard that
some of the other girls,
they don't have a good
experience with her.
Please. That is all I can
say. I am begging you.
Do not come back here and
talk to me about this.
Hi! I'm looking for Nicolette.
Oh, she's not here.
Oh, uh, I was just
worried about Nicolette.
When I saw her at the
hospital again yesterday
You saw her again
at the hospital?
Yes, and she said she was
coming back here last night,
and she had a
ride scheduled.
Well, she didn't
come back here.
I don't understand. How can
you not know where she is?
She was supposed to call me
to come pick her up.
Let me call the hospital again
and get more information.
And what else
can we do?
Try not to worry. I'm sure
she'll be back any minute.
Nicolette has a
mind of her own.
What are you not telling me?
Nicolette told me that you
set her up with the contact
at the adoption agency.
Is that normal
protocol for your job?
And that woman was here
the night I dropped off
some things for Nicolette.
Perhaps this contact knows
where Nicolette is right now.
I have no idea what you could
possibly be referring to,
and I'm going to have
to ask you to leave now.
Vanesha: Ms. Ridling, what
are you doing here?
I came to check on Nicolette
but she's not here.
Have you talked to her?
No, not since she told me she
was coming home and didn't.
That's worrisome. Uh, what
are you kids doing now?
We just met somebody
who was pregnant
and left the group
home a few years back.
All she would tell us
was not to trust Rachel
and this woman Abigail,
who she got referred to
for adoption options.
And Nicolette told me
that the name of the
agency was Loving Arms.
I think I met that woman when
I stopped by the other day.
And Rachel is
hiding something.
I'm 100% sure.
She's very on edge.
Maybe what happened to
your friend Brooke
and Nicolette are...
-Are connected.
Yeah. OK. I'm gonna look up
the address for this agency
and go there in person.
I will get this Abigail
woman to talk to me.
Well, can we do
anything now or?
Why don't you go talk to
Detective Holmes
about your suspicions?
I mean, we don't have
anything concrete yet
but maybe we can do some
digging into Rachel
and this Abigail at the agency.
I'm scared for
Nicolette now.
Maybe we'll get lucky;
she'll turn up on her own.
You need to eat
and stay hydrated.
You have a long
journey ahead of you.
What the hell are you
people gonna do with me?
Calm down. It's
important for the baby.
It's hard to stay calm when
you're strapped to a bed
against your will!
Don't worry. We'll
take care of you.
And what are you
gonna do with me
after the
baby's born?
Eat.
Hi. May I help you?
Hi. Uh, we met at the
home where my student
Nicolette lives.
Oh, yes! Nicolette. Uh,
what is this concerning?
I'm sorry. I'm a
little confused
as to why
you're here.
Oh, uh, Nicolette didn't
make it back to the home
last night from
the hospital.
Oh! I, I don't know
anything about that.
Have you helped set up
adoptions for other girls
at the agency?
Oh, well, a,
a couple.
Sometimes young women
who need guidance.
I'm sorry, but I'm going to
be late for an appointment.
Fine. Thank you
for your time.
Dammit.
Let's just see where
you're headed to next.
Abigail: Alex,
listen carefully.
We need to move our
guest to a new location
before our partners
come for the pickup.
Too many people are
asking questions.
Why in God's name are
you in this part of town?
Uh, hi, Mark.
Hey, babe. How are
things going?
Can I call you back later?
Everything OK? You
sound stressed.
No, everything's OK.
It's just been a day.
I'll call you back later.
OK.
Detective Holmes:
Now, you're saying Nicolette
never came back to the
home from the hospital.
-Right.
I even called
the hospital,
and the nurse told me that
she was released last night.
Look, there have been
suspicions regarding
both your group home manager
and the adoption agency.
Brooke, Misty,
and now Nicolette
are all tied to
this Abigail person.
I'm gonna talk to Rachel
Medford as soon as possible.
Believe me, I wanna find out
what happened to your friend
as badly as you do.
Please.
Wha...?
Sandy: What is this place!
What the hell? Are
you following me?
Tell me where Nicolette is!
Holmes here.
Hi. This is Sandy Ridling.
We met yesterday
at the hospital.
-Nicolette's teacher.
-Yes. um...
something big is
happening. I'm not sure.
-Mrs. Ridling, take
a deep breath
and tell me what's happening.
-OK. I followed the woman that
the girls were sent to as an
adoption contact to some
rundown location downtown.
-Wait? What?
-This woman, Abigail, attacked
me when I confronted her,
but I pepper-sprayed her.
I think this is where
Nicolette is being held
or something.
-Tell me where you're
at exactly.
-I'm at 141 State Street.
I'm gonna go inside the
building to see if I can--
-Do not go inside anywhere!
You hear me? I'm
sending help right now!
-Please hurry!
Get cars to 141 State Street.
Possible one-thirty-four
in progress.
We got a huge break
in the Summers case.
Abigail! Are you OK?
Never mind me! Just go in
there and stop that woman
from getting
Nicolette out!
Sandy: Nicolette?
Are you here?
Yeah! I'm in here!
Help me!
Oh my.. Oh, my God!
How did you find me?
Talk about
that later.
OK. We, we have to
get out of here.
There are people that are
gonna come and take me
to a different country,
like God knows where!
OK. OK. Police are on their
way. Uh, are you hurt?
I think I'm OK. I
just I'm really
I'm scared out of my mind.
We're gonna get you
out of here, OK? OK?
Alex: Step away
from the girl!
What is this for?
Tape up her hands.
I'm not gonna
do that.
I'm not just gonna stay
here like a sitting duck.
What's taking you so long?
I'm, I'm, I'm trying!
I'm just really nervous.
Hurry up!
Abigail: Alex!
Come on! Come
on! Let's go!
This is over!
Hey.
It's legal
and official!
We're a big family now. The
judge signed off on it.
Congrats. I'm really
happy for you guys.
I still can't believe
that I get to call
Mark and Sandy my parents.
We're the
lucky ones.
I'll second
that.
I really appreciate you
looking after Michael
while we were at
the courthouse.
It's no problem at all.
I mean, I said I wanted to
be a part of his life, right?
And, well, it took me a while
to get acquainted to it,
but now I'm all in,
Did you tell Jake
the other big news?
Wait! Have you been
holding out on me?
I've been accepted
to the college of my choice,
so I'll be heading
there in the fall,
but I get to stay
here at home.
That's amazing.
So we can just be with
our new forever family.
And to think, this time
last year, we were worried
that we wouldn't have a
family of our own. And now
We're blessed,
many times over.
Mommy's sweet little boy.
Oh!
Oh, it's Vanesha!
I'll be right back.
Hey! I was just gonna call you.
How'd it go today?
He's so strong!
It's official.
And you?
My aunt's been approved to be
my legal guardian!
Looks like we're
both finally home.
-I'm so happy for you.
I'll call you later.
I know! It's really
coming together.
Ohh! Look who's here.
captions by
sas harris